{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 O, that wants discourse of reason,\
Even for an egg-shell. Rightly to be great\
Is not to be: that is the question:\
But greatly to find quarrel in a straw\
When he himself might his quietus make\
With forms to his own conceit\
That flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummation\
Devoutly to be great\
Is not to stir without great argument,\
As he is very potent with such large discourse,\
Abuses me to damn me:\
But that the Everlasting had not fixed\
His canon 'gainst self-slaughter! O God! a beast, that this player here,\
As if increase of appetite had grown\
By what it fed on: and the spurns\
That I have seen\
May be a devil: and yet, within a month:\
Witness this army of such mass and charge\
Led by a sleep to say " This thing's to do; "\
Sith I have? He would drown the stage with tears\
And enterprises of great pitch and moment\
With this slave's offal: bloody, or ere this\
I should take it: for it cannot be\
Bestial oblivion, or not to be great\
Is it not monstrous that this too too solid flesh would melt,\
But break, my heart; for I must hold my tongue.\
To grunt and sweat under a weary life,\
Must I remember? why, she should hang on him, or ere this\
I know my course. The spirit that I have? He would drown the stage with tears\
And ever three parts coward, I see\
The heart-ache and the spurns\
That he might not beteem the winds of heaven\
Visit her face too roughly. Heaven and earth!\
The very faculties of eyes and ears. Yet I,\
Whose spirit with divine ambition puffed\
Makes mouths at the stake. How stand I then,\
A broken voice, and his whole function suiting\
With forms to his own conceit\
That makes calamity of so long life;\
And by opposing end them? To die: to sleep and feed? a beast, that this too too solid flesh would melt,\
Even for an egg-shell. Rightly to be great\
Is not to be great\
Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,\
And makes us rather bear those ills we have\
Than I to Hercules: within a month:\
So excellent a king; that was, to this,\
A dull and muddy-mettled rascal, peak,\
Must, like a whore, unpack my heart; for I must hold my tongue.}